Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
As we've discussed before, failed to ban is an intrusion prevention framework in this lecture, we
are going to further configure, failed to bear to provide some additional protection for our Web server.
Ingenix, we are going to configure for gaolers engine X bot search.
This jail will block bots searching for exploitable content that doesn't exist.
Engine X bad bots.
This jail will catch spambots, engine X, no home.
This jail will block an IP attempting to locate the home directory on your server.
And finally, Ingenix no proxy.
This jail will block an IP attempting to use your server as a proxy server.
They are five configuration files that we are going to work with.
The main fail to ban configuration file Gmail DOT local it's found in the ITC fail to ban directory
the three Gmail files.
Bad bots, no home, no proxy.
They are all found in the ITC fail to ban filter dot d directly.
The default Debian file is where you enable the jails and that's located in etsi fail to ban Gmail.
Dot d also want to remind you of the location of your failed to ban log file.
It's in the slash bar slash log directory.
This letter is all about editing various configuration files.
You will need to use NENO to edit the files once we finished editing the various configuration files.
You need to restart the fail to burn service to enable the changes we have made.
After logging into your server, I'd like you to change to the EDC Engine X sites available directory.
I don't like you to open one of your site configuration files.
I'll open Mac Web dev dot com.
I'd like you to scroll to the end of the file and above the last Brasi.
We are going to add our custom log files for this particular site so the directive's will be accessed
underscore log and then the path to our log file file log.
Ingenix the access log file name for Mac Web dev will be Mac Web Dev underscore access dot log.
The same for the error log except to file name will be Mac Web dev underscore error dot log.
In this fashion, each one of my sites can have their own log files.
We can exit our sites configuration file saving the changes can test the configuration and then restart
engine x kd double period forward slash double period forward slash fail to burn.
We want to change to the Etsy fail to bend directory.
We want to open the main fail to burn configuration file Gmail dot local using.
Then you can scroll down till you find the section Ingenix.
We have Ingenix HTP else we won't be dealing with that engine export search.
I'd like you to take note of the log pass because I'm making use of custom log file names.
I need to change the log pass.
So my blog posts will be var log Ingenix as Strix error asterisks dot log in the companion to this lecture.
I have given you the entries for the jail dot local file.
We can look at bad bots port http https the log pos file log ingenix Strix access asterisks dot log.
The same applies to Ingenix no proxy and no home under Ingenix bot search.
You can go to the max retry equals to Antep control k to remove that line.
So that is our main fail to ban file taking care of jail dot local.
You can exit jail, dot local saving your changes.
We now want to change to the full to dot the directory.
We already have the Ingenix bot search jail.
We need to add the additional three jails sudo neno Ingenix hyphen badmouths dot seo and if you can
copy and paste the contents of Ingenix bad bots dot seo and if you can exit Ingenix bad, what's saving
your changes.
Sudo neno Ingenix hyphen no homecourt SEO and if once you've pasted the contents of no home dot seo
and if you can exit saving your changes the last file so you engine Ingenix hyphen no proxy dot seo
and if you can then exit Ingenix no proxy.
Saving your changes and listing will display the three additional channels that we have just created.
CD Double Period Forward Slash.
Jill Dougherty.
We want to go back one level and change to the jail, dot the directory.
We then want to open the defaults Debian file using Nenna.
We already have an entry that is our SS hgl in the companion to this lecture.
I have given you the entries for bot search bad bots, no proxy and no home.
All we are specifying is that those jails are enabled.
The bantam is a week and we will allow two attempts.
You can exit defaults, Debian saving your changes.
Now we need to restart the failed to bad service sudo system.
Ctrl restart failed.
Too bad it may take a while.
Please be patient that for Stachelberg Kett failed to Ben.
I'm going to scroll up to look at the entries in the log file exiting failed to ban creating new GL
ss HD creating new Jo Ingenix bot search creating Dujayl Ingenix Bad bots Dujayl Ingenix no proxy Dujayl
Ingenix no her look at the log files, how they are being monitored.
The Asterix Access Strix McQuaig Dev underscore access WPK Allai Access and the access dot log file.
So at this stage we have provided an important additional layer of security to our server.
In this lecture we configured failed to band to provide additional layers of security to Ingenix.